- [Instructor] Let's now add configuration information
to connect to and send a message to our ActiveMQ server.
Look again at the application.java class file.
We're going to be adding some more
Spring configuration beans here as well as removing some.
First, because we are going to be connecting directly to
and external ActiveMQ instance,
we need to configure our connection factory
by adding an ActiveMQ connection factory method,
so we'll type public ActiveMQ connection factory
and we'll call it a connection factory,
and we'll instantiate an ActiveMQ connection factory object,
supplying it with the connection details
and the password with the broker information,
and then we'll return the factory.
The next Spring configuration bean we'll add
is a JMS template bean.
Previously, we used the one provided by Spring Boot.
It used an internal ActiveMQ instance
that was stood up by Spring Boot.
Now, we are configuring our JMS template bean
to use the connection factory we have just specified,
supplying it now the connection factory.
With those created, let's switch gears
and create a center class.
We'll open this window and on the package name here,
we'll right click, go to new, click java class,
type in sender, click okay.
We'll annotate this class with that component
and create a private instance of JMS template.
We'll also add the annotation add auto-wired,
because if you remember, we made this
Spring configuration bean under application.javaclass.
Next, we'll create a public void method here
called send message.
Method will take a Spring parameters for destination
and the other for the message.
Inside of the method, we'll call our JMS template,
convert and send with the destination and the message.
From here, let's open up our receiver class
and comment out some code.
Because we're only interested in sending messages
at this point, we'll make sure that this JMS listener
does not get invoked at startup.
So we'll type in some basic commenting marks.
The last thing we need to do
is go back to the application.javaclass
and change how our messages are sent
by using the sender class.
So we're going to replace the context.getbean method
at line 25 with an instance of getting our sender class.
We're going to replace the JMS template,
convert and send with sender.sendmessage at line 26.
Okay, let's build the application
and assure that no build failures occur.
Okay, we're done for now.
The next video, we'll start back up our ActiveMQ instance
and then run our application to see the message
in the ActiveMQ web console.